Constitution save is 14.
I cast Detect Magic to see if there are any magical auras around us.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
The figure radiates strong necromancy magic.
"Wait, Frodrick! This might be more dangerous than we thought."
I wildshape into a brown bear and roar in challenge.
As a bear, I have resistance to cold damage and advantage on Strength checks.
I swipe at the nearest winter wolf with my powerful claws.
The natural magic in me recognizes these creatures as unnatural aberrations.
I use my action to cast Cure Wounds on myself while in bear form.
The connection to nature helps me resist the supernatural cold effects.
I prepare to cast Entangle to slow down the approaching winter wolves.
"The forest spirits are angry about this corruption of nature!"
I call upon the power of the earth to aid us in this frozen battle.
My druidic senses tell me there's something deeply wrong with this place.